[EDITS]Copy to edit. (#378)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/edits/datagraph-viewing-application-contracts.adoc

= View Client Applications with Anypoint DataGraph Contracts
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

You can revoke a client application's access to Anypoint DataGraph, delete the application, or remove the application owner.

To view or manage client applications with Anypoint DataGraph contracts, click *Client Applications* from the left menu in *API Manager*.

image::datagraph-view-contracts.png[The illustration shows the Client Applications page,65%,65%]

<1> Filter applications based on contract types. Select *Clients with DataGraph Contracts* to view only applications with DataGraph contracts.
<2> Choose a client applications to see its contract details.

> <3> The third item shows the contract options for a selected client application.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> View the contract options for a selected client application.
+
From this view, you can reset a client secret, revoke a client contract, delete an application, or remove the application owner.
```

= View Client Applications with Anypoint DataGraph Contracts
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

You can revoke a client application's access to Anypoint DataGraph, delete the application, or remove the application owner.

> To view or manage client applications with Anypoint DataGraph contracts, click *Client Applications* from the left menu in *API Manager*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view or manage client applications with Anypoint DataGraph contracts, click *Client Applications* from the left menu in *API Manager*:
```
